# Meeting Notes

## Todo: 
- NDA's
    [x] Devan
    [] John
    [] Nolan
    [] Brooke
    [] Noah
    [x] Alex
- Peer evals
    [] Devan
    [] John
    [] Nolan
    [] Brooke
    [] Noah
    [] Alex
- change camera_arm repo name to "commander_repo"
    - "commander" will be the name for the high-level system

## New Ideas:
- new prototype naming system???
    - each iteration produces a protottype of that number
    - I*n* produces P*n* whether all of the features were reached or not
    