[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:09:49
Because that's not how good a word. Um, so I'm just sending an email… an email.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:09:58
So, now I want to see whether I can get this.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:10:01
To interface with that. It says it connected, but that's…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:10:06
All I got. Github emails, or is it the username? Uh, I think, what was the… The protocol that… With a telena or something?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:10:17
For any sort of thing. Ttp, there you go. In the Zoom web portal. Oh, that's, like, the same serial. So, yeah, it's… this is… it's over zero. How did you get there? I saw something about sitting at the TCP server, and I think to send from.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:10:35
Do you want to just do it? Those sends it to the owner of the team, and then not anyone else. But I thought that's what they were using.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:10:45
Active M24, so… Oh, uh, what's the… I can't schedule it, yeah. They also talked a lot about how many cameras to use.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:10:54
And it looks like they… like, right now, they only have one set up.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:10:58
I also see a GoPro over there, but it says… it says… Oh, yeah, they were testing a GoPro.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:11:03
I'm gonna take a picture of this. It looks like they settled on a webcam.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:11:08
Yeah, I think it says broken question mark or something on it.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:11:12
Oh, that's bad. Yeah. Something like that. Of course. Or, I guess I should put that, resources.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:11:22
So it doesn't get lost. Yeah. Like, one of their first meetings… they… they talk about how many cameras…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:11:32
One of the… in this one, they mentioned 3 cameras. With two bots and a wide field of view.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:11:41
So, they probably determined that based on… what factors? Is that just what they determined, or how they talked? Did that? I think this was just them initially discussing, because then they…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:11:55
So I'll look at one of their later meetings. Roof says.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:12:03
Their notes are kind of incomplete. I don't even think they met for the full, like, senior project final.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:12:08
Please don't tell me it doesn't much fun of waveforms. Away from one. And I just used a raw socket.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:12:15
They did. And then that's… I did it, actually. You mentioned that, I thought.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:12:19
No, I was… I was hoping that you'd use it, but… Oh, um… I didn't see that.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:12:24
They just… they just use WebSockets, I think. Or they… no, they use MessageQ, I think. Yeah.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:12:31
I gotta find… I should have taken notes on their notes while I was reading it. I looked up… I looked at their agenda, too, for their meetings, and it's like…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:12:45
They also have, like… I guess one for… uh, September 24th.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:12:51
4up updates, pimp my process. Running on a laptop?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:12:56
Whiteboard? Solid. I don't know how big effect. Yeah, like, the last two are questions.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:13:03
This? To happen. Oh, but no notes for that meeting.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:13:10
Okay, so we're gonna be better than them if we have… How can we do a dedicated note-taker? Could we do, like, a Raspberry Pi running a camera?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:13:20
So that we have clear and concise notes for the next group, so that we're not like this.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:13:26
Or we just record it and then have something transcribe it. Yeah. Yeah.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:13:30
I have a… I have an audio recording going right now, but… I don't know, just… easier.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:13:36
I don't know, man, it's… if we're doing camera, I might as well… I don't know. Not a port.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:13:41
Yeah. I feel like all you need is a microphone. Walk!

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:13:45
Alright, transcribing… Especially with hardware, sometimes a video is easier, but if we're not doing hardware every day, it's not important. You guys ready for a summary of a really productive meeting then?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:13:55
Oh, boy. Their agenda was just 4UP updates. Their notes, maybe have to work in C, and then in parentheses, check in performance.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:14:07
Both performance and testing are spelled wrong. Okay. So…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:14:14
Um, use. So we have a picture of the whiteboard.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:14:18
Oh, and we embrace it, so we can use the whiteboard. If you piece the picture of the whiteboard in the chat. Yes. Okay, then yes.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:14:25
What do we… what do you want to do with the whiteboard?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:14:28
Uh… What kind of stories, the names? Yeah, there are a lot of our own, right, where they are.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:14:39
So I think… I think today it's important that we all clarify a scope.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:14:44
Of the project. We can look at theirs. They had some suggestions for future… The socket address is 0, but it's not connected to anything.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:14:56
So they had a previous scope. Oh, here's a blank notes.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:15:02
Perfect. We also need to figure out a team name. Oh, here's that? Yes, I'm sure. That needs happened today.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:15:07
So why don't… maybe we get an agenda on the board?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:15:10
Okay. I'm not… I'm… trying to… trying to remember tasks so that we don't… We don't need this anymore. Yeah, so… Yeah, we're good. Get rid of it.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:15:22
Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Yeah. Where's the fucking whiteboard fluid? So what, uh, does anyone have any, like, other benefits?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:15:31
Ah, you can spin on it. Actually, the stand-up was pretty good. I was just thinking about, like, maybe I just got picked up. The project update was also probably pretty good.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:15:41
Okay, well, that probably worked, guys. Uh, isopropyl alcohol… no, we don't have anything here. Is there… I mean, literally… Oh, maybe there's whiteboard float in the, uh, classroom one day.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:15:53
I highly doubt it, but we give them. Thanks, I don't think that personal classroom has a whiteboard. It does. And the big patch. I don't know shit.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:16:03
You never notice. Yeah, there's room area. Yeah, great. Project Update.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:16:13
That's actually correct. How about on the, uh, main professor desk? Yeah, it's for an open source… I mean, I just walked through the room.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:16:20
It's an open source tool. Maybe they switched from being Bose to open source?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:16:28
I don't know. Maybe they were just trying to keep… Consistent with all the other groups? They talked about bringing in another sponsor. Oh, that's good sense.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:16:38
Oh, that's good, yeah. What can I do?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:16:47
On the notes for one of their meetings, they're in their to-do.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:16:51
It was move Alex to lower level.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:17:00
We should get a doorknob, or not doorknob, the doorstopper. That's what I just did.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:17:06
Oh, nice. I've sold things.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:17:10
They talked about needing a better webcam. Something about a practice demo.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:17:16
I'm not entirely sure what they do. There's, like, the first half of senior project.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:17:22
Okay. Other than… talk about how many cameras they'd need.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:17:29
It was in the first… Oh… This is where they talked about two cameras versus one. It was in their first meeting. Why is the number of cameras such irrelevant question?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:17:40
Like, so, here's their camera considerations. For the two cameras mentioned, they said, whoop, sorry!

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:17:47
And you can forget how small the room is. Easier to handle high-resolution video stream.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:17:51
Less complex video processing. And tracking algorithm has to guess what is actually being captured.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:17:58
Oh, look at difficult-to-synchronize Zoom Focus and Offset. I'll rewrite, don't race. Okay. Then, for the one-camera solution, they say, have to figure out how to handle high resolution streams.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:18:13
Track algorithm can see exactly what is being captured. But more complex video processing. That's gonna grab another paper… paper towels.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:18:21
So… Oh, this is where the dedicated diagram thing is. And the whole goal is…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:18:30
Like, for these considerations is to do, like. Person tracking, or fish trapping.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:18:37
Right? That would, I would assume, yeah. Okay. I think from…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:18:43
Because that's what they worked on. An outside perspective? Those notes sound like they were, like.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:18:48
We're gonna focus on this specific robot with this specific camera, and make our product work.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:18:54
But I remember Malachowski saying something about. It's meant to be open source, it's meant to be… anybody can take this hardware and turn it into.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:19:03
So I think we should focus less on our specific implementation, and about making.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:19:09
A template kind of work. Yeah, and that's… it looks like… I can't tell if they got there or not. There was one meeting that I saw…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:19:19
Whereas, I mean, the only thing… Do you guys want a meeting coach?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:19:25
No way. There's an AI coach? What? Meeting coach gives speakers metrics about their talk lift and ratio, talk speed, awareness, shortest, longest spiel.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:19:37
I don't think so, I think we're good. We just basically need a transcript.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:19:43
No, I don't… you don't want that. That's his turmo.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:19:50
More careful this time. I found their ideas from things they're increasing quick reply.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:19:55
It's in their last, uh, Japan. Oh, and that's the same fucking thing.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:20:01
Okay. I think we're doing better. Yeah. All it took was some water, right? Yeah, that's most of what it does. You don't necessarily need a cleaner. Water does a pretty good job.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:20:12
Perfect. I don't know what they were doing for Imagine. Or if they even finished with their bone.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:20:19
Some of the stuff that I've seen at Imagine, it's… it kind of seems like they probably just showed off the robot moving, and that was probably good enough.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:20:26
I mean, that's probably what we'll do as well. Usually, so that's really the aviation.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:20:31
Honestly, I would… Somewhere that's… And not once have I actually been to men.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:20:37
What? No. Alright, well, now you're gonna be in it. Yeah, probably.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:20:43
On the other side. Anyone can explain this first bullet to me.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:20:49
Moveberg's cards from… Yeah, I still don't know what… I don't know, that's… I've been trying to figure that out. I wonder if this person, Brooke, had a specific other Git repo.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:21:02
That was named I-Corps, and that was the hardware. Oh… That sounds correct, because I remember Malachowski being like, Brooke was the best, they had their…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:21:12
All that shit. Right, right. So, she was probably working independently on a specific… Yeah.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:21:21
That would make sense. And then… Yeah. So, agenda for today… Why is it called Bayou Spiral for Research?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:21:30
Yeah, that's a good question. Maybe that's just the name they came up with?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:21:35
13-something Greek mythology. Oh, now I gotta know.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:21:39
I don't know how it relates to this, but I don't remember the story.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:21:44
Channel screening methodology. Talos… A colossal automation or giant of bronze built by the god Hephaestus to protect Crete from invaders.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:21:53
So it's a Greek robot. Got it. Alrighty.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:22:00
Oh, here's the dropping ham, too. So, we need to figure out scope.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:22:04
Where they said, okay? And I think they didn't do it.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:22:08
I can't tell. It said on the whiteboard, migrate from AMQ, checked off.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:22:14
Yeah, what I might have to know is… what does MQ do? Or we just look at their two, it's just, uh, it's… event system. Yeah, pretty much, yeah.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:22:25
It's a PubSub, if you've ever heard of it, so you publish to one side, and then another side receives it, and just receives messages. Yeah, it kind of helps them decoupling your… So it's kind of a… it's like a broker… Yeah, exactly. That's exactly what it's called.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:22:38
And that would be between, like. The Raspberry Pi machine, central command, the person that's, like, the Python script, so yes, right now the laptop, but…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:22:48
The laptop and the Pi? That's what it would be right now, but yes, it's running on the Pi.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:22:54
Or… I just figured that out, yeah. If it's in the repo, then it'd be run on whatever laptop you're connected to Pi, but… Well, if it's a message to really run anywhere. Like, even the processes themselves. Like, the operator is sitting on here. Yeah, as long as both the operator and the.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:23:09
It is a network connection. Yeah. Okay. So, can we clarify some of the terminology? So, the commander…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:23:17
Is different from the director, but also different from the operator. The commander and the director are… the same thing, or at least…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:23:27
The director's just part of the commander? Okay. Where's their… architecture diagram. And that, I would assume in a class assigned for operator… Oh, yeah, they have it all… they have a much simpler system architecture.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:23:41
On their poster. Okay. I don't know why they would replace that in their documentation repo.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:23:49
Um, I can send this images for you. Some of them have, like, emerged branches.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:23:54
Yeah, so… If you want to look at what some of those are, just to see if they had stuff that they… That's all they do, yeah. Like, what are they? They have ones for, like… Oh, I forgot now. Oh, shit, there was a pull request. Yellow is the, uh, the camera…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:24:13
It's like the… So… The commander would be the director that is like, oh…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:24:19
Yeah. This is a good shot, stay on that, zoom in. The operator's the actual, I'm zooming in, I'm turning to the left, okay.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:24:27
Or something like that. Some acronym like that. It's not relevant at all. Oh, they have a free game brand. Well, that's what I think. I saw that.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:24:42
Um, we're about to find out. What are you guys talking about?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:24:47
It had something to do with red light, green light. Oh, the skin? Yeah. Where, where are you? I…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:24:55
It's in the commander… I just want to use it temporarily and just skip out of the pie right now to see if I can figure this out without all of this crap. So I think I…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:25:06
I love what you're doing. I think this is not important right now. I think we should determine scope and determine… the rest of the semester. Yeah, I agree with that. Yep.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:25:15
It's great to know that we have the avenues. Yeah. Moving forward with that now. I… the only reason I was going to try to gain understanding.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:25:24
Yeah, so the real question is, what have they done? That's my dad, that's my question. Yeah, it's good to look at the project board. Awesome. I mean, Malachowski said they got that thing to run with computer vision and everything.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:25:35
So, if we can, like… work on replicating that, that would be a great first step, I feel like.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:25:42
Get it running? Like, yeah, get it running with their code, you know, that they have GitHub and this, like, communicating to that somehow.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:25:51
Yes, sir. That would be a great first step, because then we can just… then we can just augment their code.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:25:56
To do more, and then… If it's already connected to the bot, like… That's all we need to do.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:26:03
Well, I mean, you know, as a first step, again, like.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:26:07
We need to determine the scope. Yeah, like, I'll actually agree with you. I just think it's hard to judge scope.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:26:12
Definitely. So, knowing exactly what they did. Okay. Yeah, you gotta know where we stand. I think that's my… yeah.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:26:18
So, maybe before we even determine scope, do we want to try and replicate.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:26:23
The vision, like, tracking thing? Do you want to try and get that working as a first step? Yeah, yeah, I mean, it's… So, when do we need scope by? I guess that's what… I think… I think, honestly, that might be… that's kind of a…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:26:36
Rabbit before the hole, or whatever, rabbit before the air. Listen, let's figure that out first. Listen.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:26:42
Seems to be apparent to me is that we can decide on, like, some sort of scope, and then adjust as we find out more about what's actually here. For now, I mean.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:26:53
He already gave him some maturity models, so, like, what if we make our goal.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:26:58
That we build towards, okay, just the next step on that maturity model, which I believe was, like, just getting some more cinematic shots, or something, which should be so easy to do with just code.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:27:09
Like, implemented on top of. Computer vision code. Yeah, because if it's already… if it's already seeing, like, where the person is.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:27:15
Maybe we can have it see, like. A little bit about what's behind it, like, maybe if there's a big rectangle behind it, we assume that's a whiteboard, and we pan out a little bit so you can see both. There's something, like…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:27:26
Stop. Yeah, when do we need to… because I'm sure we… what is the… what's the project, like, document look like, and what do we need to have stuff?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:27:34
Just curious. A dumb questions. The Pi actually connected to this thing right now?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:27:41
I think it's through the USB, which is superior line. It is, through a serial line… through the Pi, which is running a piece of software that I don't really know what it does yet.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:27:50
Listed through this, I… I'm still figuring it out, but…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:27:56
I… let me… To your point, let's figure out, kind of, the general part before we look at this. Do we have anyone taking notes right now?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:28:04
I got a transcript going. Okay, sweet, fantastic. So I guess first step, let's do the thing that we need to do, and we've been doing, is due tonight as a team name.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:28:13
Okay. Team name, yeah, good first step. That's easy. Do we continue with Palos?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:28:17
Do we want to… is that just the project? Uh, I mean…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:28:24
Maybe both, I don't know. Talos RIT seems like it's the, uh, organization name.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:28:30
Yeah, continuity is good. I think it makes sense. Cool, yeah. Team fellow. The reason I'm gonna do that is due tonight, so…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:28:41
I wonder what it stands for. I don't know. It's a Greek robot, just protecting a city. Robot? That's sick.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:28:49
Uh, what was the Titans? So they actually put a thought into that.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:28:57
At least one bond, yeah. I never put more than 5 seconds in.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:29:01
Alright, 31st is our team, our ultimate, right? Yeah. Uh, what's it? August 31st?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:29:09
Yeah, about 6.30… Oh, fuck.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:29:15
Dude, you used to have hair.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:29:25
Right, yeah. I'm excited to lose the publication of my textbook. So, do we think the goal that I have is just to replace this thing?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:29:36
Fair enough. No. No, not replace it, because that thing is still the main controller and has all the drivers and stuff into it.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:29:43
The PyCam placement bullet. That's a lot of work. That sounds like a whole project. We're gonna get rid of this, we're just gonna add in… I don't think that was the original goal, and I don't think that's how… I thought I saw another way to control… That wasn't… Right.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:29:58
That I thought I saw something about manual control. Okay, that's a lot. That's a lot bigger of a project, though. I would say that is out of scope.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:30:05
Yeah. I think for the… stuff that Malachowski has on the line for us, yeah, I can agree that that's out of scope.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:30:12
Maybe we decide to go that direction, and we talk to him another time if we think that maybe that's a… That might be a better interest of the team. Yeah.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:30:18
And we decide that that's more of a route that I think we would decide to go, then we can talk about that.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:30:22
But I don't… with the current scope of what. We've discussed and stuff, I don't think that's… I think you're right at that tax code. I, yeah, personally, I just think it would be…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:30:31
More cool and interesting, if nothing else, to just work on improving the actual, like.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:30:37
Functionality of the robot, rather than replacing old parts, like… I agree. Like, it works, it's fine. In fact, we're not even using it for the thing that we're working on. That remote is… Yeah, we're not using it. So I agree with that outside of scope.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:30:55
So… and I just want to clarify, you believe… And I probably also believe that we should work on.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:31:03
Knowing what that can do, and then furthering that in the direction of.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:31:09
Basically an AI director that can say, this is a good shot.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:31:12
Scope out, zoom in. Okay. It's just basic. And that's one camera? That's only one camera direct there? Yes. I mean, that's… we only have… Now, granted, besides with one robot… We only have one robot that's currently truly worth… Exactly, that's the thing.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:31:29
In terms of, like, where we want to go with this robot, I think it's very straightforward. I agree. Just get it working to where it was, and then we make it work a little bit better along with that.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:31:39
The really big question is, like, do we want to get the second robot working? What are we gonna… like, are we gonna have them working? And I think that's where a lot of the previous team went, where they compartmentalized different goals of some part, because it's going to be impossible to have 5 people work on an AI tracker robot.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:31:53
Yeah, I think that just defeats the point. Yeah, that is fair. So we could have, like, some people working on getting this.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:31:58
Up and running and better, and then some people work on getting this caught up to that. And that's what they did.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:32:05
Move our code for this over to the highest, or adapt it anyways, and… Sort of. I think there were some differences. Yeah, there was… But I don't remember who it is.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:32:13
Oh, like, the computer vision part, this would be very easy to adapt. Yes. Oh, yeah.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:32:17
And the way that the code for this is already written, I think… But anyway, that's the… So, can we… so we have.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:32:24
Get this working, we have get that working. Get the computer vision better, make it better, thank you.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:32:32
I'm sorry, I'm… I should have wrote it down. So get… Do we wanna… Let's name them? Name them?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:32:40
I mean, this is the… this is the ER5, about 4. There you go. There's ERV and then ER4, I think.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:32:50
The 4 is the newer one. Is there… Yes. I feel like that's not descriptive enough. I agree, that's true. I want… I want Bluey, because it's blue.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:33:01
Yeah, there's some blue. Sure. I don't… that could get confusing, if… Yeah.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:33:10
We want to submit this thing, as we did it already. Thank you, team name. Ryan, perfect. Ryan and Bluey.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:33:19
I can get a fucking sticker, put it on the side. Ryan Blue.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:33:24
Do you want to be Ryan 1 or Ryan 7? Ries!

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:33:28
No, he's… he's, uh, less… he's more AIA sophisticated right now. Because I don't want to be saying it, and then be like, oh wait, what? What would be a good… it's a box, it's gray, what other descriptive names.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:33:42
I mean, it was a… what was it, the printers? It's the OG null modem, or whatever? Yeah. Spongebob, and… Yeah, because it's working, and it hasn't stopped working yet. We call it onk.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:33:57
Could be UNK. Anyway. You get the idea. So, it's short, doesn't take a long time to type.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:34:07
I guess the other thing, too, is… partly, and this is partly a discussion on outcasting too.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:34:13
Why are we interested in working on? I… I like hardware.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:34:17
Pretty hyped about, like, just the… working on this one, getting the computer vision. Getting it working again, to the point? Do more complicated things, making decisions. I'm also thinking of this, like, how do we want to look at teams and stuff, too. Yeah.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:34:32
So that's something funny, I don't think they… like, compartmentalized? They definitely did. Until November.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:34:37
Oh, okay. Because, wait, look at their to-do. If research sub-projects slash future work, and then they have areas, it's hardware, AI, and videography.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:34:49
I would be very interested in getting Bluey working. I do a lot of hardware stuff outside of software. I think I can… How does it happen alongside this?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:34:58
Do you agree with that? Yeah, they can be paralleled. Parallelized? What's that?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:35:03
There you got it. Paralleled? I feel like getting Bluey in good games is gonna be very hard. It's gonna be more difficult than getting working. Well, we'll have to be better. We'll have to call him Brook for that.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:35:13
I do also, because we're… I mean, I also spent the before, she's really good, and I would love to chat with her.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:35:19
Just about this, and she would talk for, like, she would talk for, like, 3 hours. So we shouldn't be afraid to cut her out here.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:35:27
She is not, I don't think, want to overstaff. Okay. Get gluten caught up to UNK.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:35:36
Yeah. Get a camera for it. That's working.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:35:41
Um… Wait, is the camera not working? Well, we have the GoPro that says, bad, question mark?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:35:48
Uh, like we said, there were two goals that he sort of mentioned, although they kind of… so I think the first step was he kind of mentioned the levels of maturity of the camera robot. Yeah. And then there are the two… Is that a… oh. Yeah, it's the fucking… Uh, there are the two goals I think he mentioned, was…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:36:01
The camera robot, and then just repurposing old hardware. The two big goals.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:36:06
This camera, I mean, obviously we want to work from this camera, about to be cool, and allow people to do more stuff with it. Here's one use for it, being good.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:36:12
Yeah, grant and busting. I don't use it, but it'll… I think towards the end goal, I think it's, okay, let's… Realistically, I think the main goal here is, let's get something cool working to show that, okay, you can do cool stuff with this stuff.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:36:25
Obviously, the main project is a camera. I don't…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:36:32
I'm kind of looking at this whole project as 3 different things. We have the camera thing, we have the robot thing.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:36:37
And the only way to connect the two is… some modular system, because not everybody's gonna have this robot.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:36:44
Some people are going to want a nicer camera, some people are getting a nicer robot. I think they're… the open source benefit is that.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:36:50
You can use this code and translate it for your robot and your camera.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:36:54
So, I'm not super… concerned with getting that hardware working to the level of where somebody else in the real world has it. I'm just concerned with getting it working for us.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:37:05
Okay. To think through some of it. And that's currently how it is.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:37:11
There is an interface. For the robot, okay. That's good. That's going on. So I found it… I would be… I would be so sad if we had to do that ourselves. Is that okay? Like, standard?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:37:24
I mean, they say Cartesian systems, right? Is it…? Not like a… So you remember Relic at Defiant. I haven't done the cartoon yet. You remember watching the cartoon. Yeah.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:37:33
They haven't implemented that. Here's the worst part. Well, it's not implemented, sorry. The way you can use the dependent to go XYZ instead of… Oh, you never know how to do it. It's gonna take me 20 years to figure out how to do it.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:37:47
Other buttons still works. Don't want to get in too fast. So, but then… You already owned it. Going back to that interface, our camera operator, our director, our commander, whatever, has to be able to go.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:37:58
These are the… these are the axes that I can move if it's no axes, if it's a static camera, or if it's… a 3-axis robot, or if it also has a plate like that, the commander has to be able to…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:38:10
Know the capabilities of each camera. Yeah. And operate them accordingly.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:38:16
I figured it out. Can we call the motor individually what to do? You might have… you might have… Yeah, it seemed like it got a little jerky there, so… I heard the relay. The relay not working out? I think. Oh. Just turn it off on…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:38:32
Is it on or off? Written down anywhere in the security model that… do I just have a lot of it?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:38:44
I hope so. I can ask my EE friend if he can…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:38:49
Find any parts, though, we can place the encoder with… Well, Level 1 was… I think I broke it again. Oh, perfect. Power sucker that shit.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:39:02
Camera framing. In a way that doesn't just make… it doesn't just follow the subject, it kind of…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:39:09
It kind of frames them in shot, right? So that's a little bit more videography-type stuff. Yeah. I don't know how Malachasking… I mean, not necessarily a video, so… It's less videography than the next step.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:39:22
So, I think videography is one of the main key concerns for the director. Yes, yeah.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:39:28
Okay, and… I'm calling the director, I… that's just… I think it's the commander? Yeah.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:39:35
To restart it. The director also has to know…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:39:39
Actually, there's… I… sorry, continue with your maturity stuff. Yeah.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:39:53
I sent the Zoom link, by the way. Yeah, I see that. I don't know if I should leave this one. Very interested. Does it not work together?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:40:00
Improving. The transcript's gonna… I'll save the transcripts. You know, yeah, let's have someone else to train right now, that would be good.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:40:06
Yeah, you can do that. Sorry, what did I miss? What were you saying?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:40:13
Just… just… yeah. Um, but, I don't know. To me, it seems like there's 3 main things that, like, we could accomplish here. One is improving this.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:40:23
Two is getting that working. The third is getting them working in tandem together, getting them communicating with each other to, like, get different shots, and then choose the best one, blah blah blah.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:40:34
I agree with that. Getting… that goal would require getting that working first, so… So, let's do this. I think we can work in tandem here, where there are a bunch of different levels of maturity that just involve this robot. Yeah, so we can have, like, one or two people working on that, and then the other three working on getting that one caught up to this.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:40:53
Yep. Does that sound good? Yeah, because what we're gonna have to do is we're gonna have to write another driver for that, too. Yeah.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:41:00
It's all subclasses, so it's not like we could rewrite the whole codebase, but… Yeah.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:41:05
For a whole other HCO function, but anyway. Yeah, that seems pretty reasonable. I think that works, and I think that meets… I would… I mean, obviously, we can talk to Malcowski when we get a chance, but I think that would be.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:41:18
Out of… obviously, this is all in progress, and obviously, if we went so far as to level 16, whatever.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:41:25
I think I like that scope, I just seems like if you were looking at it from an outside perspective, it seems like we're not still doing much, other than… So, so for my… to clarify, I hear… we get that…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:41:39
To the point that other teams had it. And then we give this to the point that our team's added. Yeah.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:41:46
Or that other groups at that. Improve this. Improve… okay, how do we improve it? To what? So, right now, all it does is follow the point, right? Yes. We were talking about increasing better camera framing.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:41:57
Yeah, also doing slow shots, like you've shown the other day. Let me write this down.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:42:01
Yes, well, that's… that's this. That's improve com… okay. Improve the revision decision-making. But then also, we can… we can talk… talk about the framing and the slow-moving to a different point to make the subject more… And that's still only with a single robot? Yes. Okay.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:42:16
And the whole point is we make that based on the operator, to where it doesn't matter which robot it is. Yeah. You can put this robot in, and once we fix that, when you put that… It'd be the same thing… It'd be the same thing. Okay. That's the point.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:42:27
That's why there's a message queue, and that's why we want it to all be… agnostic to which robot we're using. At what point do we…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:42:37
Bring two robots together at the same time, and have them interact. I think the only thing that we need for that to happen is get Bluey working.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:42:46
But then we also… But then we would need two robots being able to switch angles, I think, or switch views, and also be able to… But, like, to get any of that working, we need Bluey to be functional and running to the level that this one… So that's step one. So that's step one, priority number one, if we ever want them to be working in tandem. Yeah. That needs to happen. Yeah.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:43:06
So, like… I think this should be our main…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:43:12
Like, line here, and then, like, whoever's not working on this can work on this a little bit, because ultimately, like.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:43:20
Once we get that one cut off. So this one, if this one's a little bit ahead of where it was, that'd be nice, because they both have… I think both of them are both gonna have work cut out.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:43:30
I think this one is just going to require a lot more computer vision code, and… This one's gonna be a lot more, okay, framing, all that type of stuff, and…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:43:39
A lot lower level. I think this one's gonna be a lot more higher level, because you're gonna be working. At first, it will be mostly… I mean, we've got to do, like, physical repairs on it. Exactly. That's what I mean. So, that's why I'm thinking… I'm chill with that. I could get that done fucking next week. Unless we want to focus all our efforts on getting this thing as cool as possible, and just forget about Bluey, like.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:44:04
We need to give Louis functional. Yeah. No, right? Here's another…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:44:08
What if we take UNK and put it on Bluey? Like, the bases are the same, we can use the ball screw table.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:44:17
Yeah. And then have Bluey working, basically do the repairs like that, but… So, Taylor could do that, but I think the main goal of the previous project was to leave this one alone. Wait, so to not touch it, and I kind of agree with that, because we have one that's working.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:44:31
It's from the 80s. I'd rather not touch it, and rather it… No, that is… that is a good idea. And I know that before we eliminate that, just to clarify, you're… you're suggesting is mounting.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:44:42
The ball screw tank. Just the table, yeah. So that we can program into it.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:44:47
Some fancy stuff that… So we can understand the table, as well as the three axes. And as well, that thing is just on… that box, we can work on fixing it. Yeah. That's my idea, but it is… that is a very key consideration, is if we fuck it up, we don't have any robot, and that's a problem.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:45:05
Yeah, I personally would rather not take that risk. Yeah, I'm not… I'm in agreement with that. I don't think there's really… I mean… Yeah, at some point, we can look at, like, trying to get some cool things going on with the sliding thing.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:45:18
But for now, like… like I said, we just need to get really working. I think we need to get it working. I'm not gonna worry about the side base, as long as it's really cool. And there are other things that we can work on on UNK to make it better without putting it on the side table as well.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:45:31
We're not blocked on any of these avenues currently. No. So, the task… Good idea. The critical path, the star, Bluey.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:45:40
What kind of things do we need to do? We know Malkowski said some of the motors are dead.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:45:46
Uh, some of the encoders are also dead, like a driver.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:45:49
I think there's two things to that, though. I'd like to reach out to Brooke, because I know she obsessed with it. Okay. Do we have her phone number?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:45:57
I don't… Is that… is that the easiest? Can we get them online?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:46:02
Or something. I don't know if… phone number or email, I don't know how they were… He'd give us something to contact us. I was trying to find a contact the other day. Okay.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:46:11
Encoders, uh, we have extra motors. I don't know if that's… I don't think so. I think Marikosi had just mentioned they got him off eBay. I mean, yeah, I think… I think he was just buying the drugs. But is anybody you remember? To be able to understand it further, I'd rather talk to somebody that worked on it. Yeah. Yeah, okay, so that's first step.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:46:29
Before we discover what this… I think we can put this as a tentative scope.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:46:35
Yeah, and let's say, okay, is it really worth fixing this one once we figure it out, is there so much where it's… is it going to be impossible?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:46:42
Okay, and then that would allow us to focus our efforts on the thing that's more achievable. That makes sense.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:46:47
I think we can take this as a telescope, because I really like the scope. Yeah. But I think we need a little more info to make sure it's possible, and whether it's reasonable.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:46:56
So, for the meeting notes, for whatever, the end goal of our project this semester is to get two robots… This semester or this year?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:47:04
Sorry, you're right, this year, the whole project that we are.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:47:08
To get two robots with cameras that can track and… whatever a subject at the same time.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:47:15
That's the whole goal. Tentative that… Tentative, still. We discuss the scope of some of the work on it, but yes.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:47:21
Okay. Yes. So the first step is now… We're gonna talk to Baruch about Bluey. I think so.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:47:27
So, yeah, so the… well, just the whole project in general. Obviously, yeah. The, like, also Sholden, we achieved everything we ever wanted would be… this. They're both working, they're both getting…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:47:39
Separate shots, like… I just want to make that clear, like.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:47:44
The… the… yeah, the biggest, coolest thing we could do with this would be to have them communicating with each other and making sure they're getting different footage.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:47:51
So that you have, like, the most options when you go into the, like.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:47:55
Post… post-editing, or whatever, you can choose diff… like, different tabs.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:48:00
Which, I mean, they're already going to be getting good shots just from being placed at different points of the room, but… It'd be cool if they talked to each other.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:48:09
If you figure out how far apart they are, you can take advantage of binocular vision for depth perception.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:48:15
So that would be built into the commander, or the director. It built into something before it gets to the Pi or the robot. Okay. Yeah.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:48:24
A lot of that is purely, like. Like, it's ongoing research on that.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:48:30
Yeah. What if we use sound to diagnose the subject? If we're in a classroom environment, typically the only sound source is the professor. That's true, but the man.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:48:39
And it's very, actually, surprisingly easy to use multiple microphones to pinpoint the direction and position.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:48:46
Yeah. And that would also allow us to use sound to capture, like, a question, a hand raise.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:48:51
Right, yeah. Uh, that's out of frame, obviously. Yeah. Um, so that's a cool thing. I want to determine if that's in scope or not. Yeah, I actually like that idea.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:49:04
Let's write that down, but put it, like, let's draw a line to say, this is our current scope.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:49:08
Like, under what we have. Just draw a line or something like that, just so we know, like, okay, that's what we decided on, and then we can decide on these scopes once we figure out where we tell them.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:49:16
It's good video. Say, we haven't decided on these yet, but these are scopes that we could decide on if we have time.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:49:23
Diagnosis. Unfortunately, it's not for… So, at some point, Malakowski had the idea to do a custom controller.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:49:32
And associated with that is something with diagnostics for encoders. Did I send email now, Kathy? Diagnostics. I think that's, like… That's all it says.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:49:45
Does that… is he talking about the, like, replacing the old ones with the new ones, that kind of… Could be figuring out if it's broken somehow.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:49:53
The software, but… Okay. That's… That would make sense, because if they're broken like this inside, you wouldn't be able to tell until it's, like.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:50:01
Going too far. Yeah. Or if you open it up. Well, yeah. It's the only way to confirm it.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:50:09
A thing called a Zoom Home Device? Scumming new things every day. But apparently, bro. It looks like Brooke is working on a custom controller.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:50:19
That had something to do with the digital twin. What is the goal of custom controller? Like, just to have one?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:50:24
I don't know if my controller, they mean, like, replacing this, or… like, the computer vision part. Yeah.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:50:34
I… I mean, that seems most logical to me, but at the same time.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:50:39
It wouldn't make any sense, because you're not even using this.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:50:43
In the program that, like. Like, this whole thing just doesn't even involve that. I thought… Smash that. Oh, also… Well, I would assume that there's some software layer that is that, and that's just what the Raspberry Pi communicates with. Yeah.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:50:57
I think I think so, right? I think the Raspberry Pi's basically pretending to be this, because it's sending commands to… Directly to the box. Yeah.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:51:06
So, as far as that thing goes… But the Raspberry Pi isn't sending commands through this box. Not through it. It's just sending them to the box. Yeah, it's just imitating. Yeah, yeah, this is, like… My email? Yeah, I think as of…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:51:18
7880. Okay, I'm just copying you on the email, but I appreciate it. I think it's supposed to be, I guess, functionally equivalent? Yeah.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:51:26
Yeah, um, but this is the one that we're working on. Yes. Because this is the one that, like, we can control with… This is just so we can fuck with it.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:51:34
Yeah. Like, make the robot however you want. So what was the thing, so… the question of whether a custom controller replaces this or this is very, very important. Yeah.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:51:45
Um… Can we get this written down for questions for Brooke?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:51:49
Yes. Yeah. I sent outcast an email, I also put it on the last slide. They also have a list of core features here. I don't know how many of these they implemented.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:52:00
So I thought some of these they abandoned. But they have subject tracking with arm following.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:52:06
Single subject recognition. Poe's estimation, manual arm control.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:52:13
Low latency direct ARM interfacing. I don't move and desk-level serving.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:52:20
How many of those were software… I think the first… Subject tracking… And, like, pose estimation, that's definitely just pure software.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:52:32
Um, manual arm controls mix. Mostly software, probably.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:52:38
It's on… since they had one working on. What does it mean by manual arm control?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:52:43
That's all it says. It's just bullets. Okay, I mean, we already have that, right?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:52:47
With the pen in. Yeah, but I think they meant from… Oh, you missed my… The Raspberry Pi. Oh! We already had that as well. Did you post yours? Yeah, on Discord interface? Sorry.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:53:02
I would assume that's how he says that. Apologies for that. No, you're good, you're good. The computer vision automated system is just using that command line. Oh, okay. Automatically. That's what I was assuming. I don't know. So then, if that's how it is done, yeah, so that's another question. What is a manual… Should we add that as a question for Rick, maybe?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:53:23
Uh, what… clarifying their scope. Here's a question. Uh, sure, yeah.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:53:30
And their core features. This is what happens, and I hope don't read my emails 4,000 times before I send them.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:53:38
And so I never do. There have been times I've had to send email 3 times. I always look it over Puma.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:53:46
Yeah, core features. Uh, okay, core features… clarify core features. Uh…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:53:58
And… Your question… Which one?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:54:06
What does it mean? Uh, the thing on the list. Oh, the, uh…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:54:14
Sure. The manual, or… no, no. Yes, manual, manual control, right? Where… where's that coming from? Yeah, what does that mean? What is that?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:54:22
I assume that's just coming from that. This manual control.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:54:31
Basically, his manual control just tagging commands. Yeah. Because… isn't… yeah, I… my understanding is that that's how it already works, so that that's implemented, and…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:54:42
The robot already has that, and that's how they're controlling it.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:54:46
What do you think? Could that mean the, like. Record position. Right.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:54:54
So a lot in general. Like, based on what this says underneath.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:55:00
I just don't understand any interpretation of manual control that we don't already have. My guess, it… at least my understanding is.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:55:10
You control it yourself. Yeah. And you basically get rid of the box.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:55:16
They definitely don't. Yeah, I remember, Mac, I was just saying something about not getting rid of the box.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:55:21
Again, I thought they can't get rid of the box. I don't know. I'm just… I thought it was just… I have no idea.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:55:29
No, I mean, listen, that's a… that's a… the first suggestion that makes any sense… Yeah. …for what possibly means. Yeah. So… That's definitely a valid consideration.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:55:42
I don't want to do that. Yeah, whether it helps, exactly, whether or not we want to actually do that, a whole different question.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:55:49
Um. Probably not. I don't know. We don't have that controller for the… No, that's the problem, is it's that box… Why did they want it? And if not, what is it?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:56:03
That's gonna be a whole different quality. It's on the list of things to ask for. I think that's… Hopefully we'll learn more about that. Maybe what control might not be… From a first perspective, that's assumable.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:56:13
In terms of moving… Yeah, I hope it's doing. We will have Steve. Okay, that would be sick, actually. How useful. We just have, like, a simple, like.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:56:24
I guess a web app. Yeah. So… yeah, that would be cool. Do we have anything else from here, or are we…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:56:30
If you have questions? I mean, we should definitely try to come up with more questions for Brooke.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:56:35
Especially if we don't want to be, like, meeting with her on a weekly basis, which, you know, if we do, that's… I mean, I'll have more questions, I think most of mine are gonna be a lot more technical, though.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:56:42
Okay, um, do you want to write it down? I don't really want to write down… I don't know if there's a point. I mean, we're gonna take that, I'm gonna…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:56:51
Plop it in here as an email, or we're gonna call.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:56:53
But… or we're gonna ask, bro, get the fuck over here, you know? But that's all… that's all… yeah. I just asked me, I asked him to put us in contact with the previous team. I don't know, we'll figure out more from there, but… and then also give us, like.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:57:05
I did ask that, too, except I forgot there was GitHub, because I… No, it's okay, I replied already. They also might have had an accountability issue.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:57:14
Uh, did they have a person that wasn't putting out? I don't know, but they're talking about… accountability models, and…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:57:22
Doing, like, an hour's tracker, or tracking length of time in review, and… I think that was overall teams, Malikas, you had mentioned.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:57:34
I haven't tracked my hours yet, but it's just been normal meeting times. I've just been here, and… read a little bit outside of here, but not that much.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:57:42
No actual work. Nothing worth, really, right. For the rest of the meeting here, I like that we have a main.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:57:48
Like, this is our goal, and we have a couple reach goals. Is there… should we clarify the details of that scope to determine if.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:57:55
It's a viable scope. We have the, like, Gitunk working, talk… Okay, Bluey working, but can we… What the fuck?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:58:01
Uh, ICOR… Yes, good. Yes, yeah, I-Corps? E-corps.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:58:10
The golden acre. I'm so curious, like…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:58:17
What they mean by that. Are there any other low-level scope things with UNK?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:58:21
Or is it just… can… other than talking to the people to figure out how that they… got their MVP working. Are there any other things to get to…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:58:31
Our main goal with that. With UNC, specifically? Yeah. Um… I have a feeling, just…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:58:40
Just from… I think so. Just from now, kind of, starting to remember.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:58:44
That getting that working is going to be a lot harder than we think it's gonna be.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:58:50
Yeah, definitely. No, that's gonna be the main… like, if we do decide to do that, which it sounds like we want to, that's going to be the main challenge, I think.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:58:58
Is getting really murky. I think we should do it, like, because just… just working on this, I mean, it'd be cool, but, like, what, like, we have a whole other robot. That was my problem with Object Blood, and that's why I voted it down, because it just sounds like…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:59:12
Because I looked at the… because it was linked in the product description, it looked like they already done half of the project, and I wasn't going to get to do any, like, old bed work, so it's… Well, here you go. You got Bluey.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:59:23
Aww, which is fine, but whatever. On April 15th, they had the idea.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:59:31
So they wanted to focus on Imagine RIT, because that was one of their goals.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:59:38
Their idea after that is dropping the rest of their features for now, which was idle mode and desk mode.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 17:59:43
Decimote, I can understand, is the point at the desk. It's on the desk. So we can make sense, too, right? I mean, just like, yeah, like a low power, like, maybe the video's on, but the robot isn't, or something, and it just, like… detects if people start.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:00:00
Doing something cool, it turns on and starts video. So, is that a subtask inside of the improved videography? Probably, or…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:00:10
Yeah, or maybe we put that here? Yeah, as our stretch goal. Yeah.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:00:17
Yeah. From the bits of it, I heard there was a bit of reverse engineering they were trying to do on that device, so…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:00:28
The what? Like, on Ankh or on Louis, or on…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:00:33
Okay. I imagine… desk mode might be where they wanted the custom controller.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:00:39
If they meant replacing this thing, because we have a button in this desk mode. To tell it to look down. Yeah, it'll just automatically know where to go. Makes sense.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:00:47
Hey, Unk, go to desk mode. I mean, granted, you can have equipment based on microphone.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:00:53
Well, yeah. But, like, I imagine that's something… I'm gonna be honest. That could be something I'm going for. I don't… I don't see much value in desk mode, because… If you're showing… if you're wanting to show something to the online audience, you're also going to want to show it to the main audience, which means just put it up on the projector, and then it's right behind you if you're being videoed, it's…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:01:12
Right there, especially if you, like, improve the division a little bit to just show the whole thing. Yeah.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:01:17
I would say that's a sponsor question, really. I agree with you, but I want to make sure that we are not the customer here. We should probably clarify how big a… Yeah, excuse me.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:01:30
Well, two things, right? And this is what was confusing. And this is why Malcow's getting mentioned number. I mean, we're actually meeting every week. We get to make a little bit of a direction here.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:01:38
Obviously, it's still… Oh, you know, that is a good point. I guess that is…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:01:44
More about what we… if we want to do this, yeah. The best way that we should determine this here is.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:01:49
Let's come up with what I think we think is a good idea, and we'll present it to him and see whether… and if he wants to make tweets, that's fine.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:01:56
But I think that we have to come up with. Our goals here, because… I think, really, we should drive the research, and if he wants to make any goal.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:02:05
Changes, stuff like that, we can talk with that room, but… And that's what he… it sounded like he was… And that's what sounds like the project is sounding… Obviously, different projects you get a sponsor, you work with what they want you to build.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:02:16
This thing gets so much better. So their last meeting… Oh, no.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:02:20
So, um… they… they submitted their presentation late.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:02:27
So it introduced, they have Submit Late Presentations. They said… they said that it might cost them the awards.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:02:34
Um, oh, and finish the handoff docs, right? What docs? They said…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:02:40
Like, as a subtask for that, it's add the tech doc to the repo slash total handoff doc. Tech doc, aka I drew a feedback.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:02:49
Ready for the feedback? Oh, boy. Techdoc was BSing a little.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:02:56
So, we specifically cited their Netflix and early process. Uh, their final presentation was submitted late.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:03:03
They are missing pure vowels and coarse evals in the dashboard.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:03:09
Let's not bash them too hard, like, we might end up… Well, I'm just reading this in a similar situation. No, no, you're allowed to read it, just like… I'm reading what they wrote.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:03:17
Yeah. There's no bashing yet. Yeah, um… we just made sure we don't follow their… Oh, yeah, yeah. It's a retrospective from not us. Apparently, they had a tough time…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:03:31
With having Malkowski as both the coach and the sponsor. Because it's tough to take both roles on.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:03:41
I mean, it's a tough one, Molakowski, or tough on the team? I guess? Uh, probably both.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:03:45
Um, so they said little actual coaching was done. Oh, for the presenta… they're presentee…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:03:52
Presentation feedback is good. They had a fun, interactive demo. It kind of went off the rails, though.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:03:59
They've… good explanations… of the computer vision stuff, and… hardware bad, in all caps. Hardware bad, okay. Wait, but then they said, not enough explanation into computer vision stuff as their last.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:04:12
Bullet point. So I don't know if their explanation was good or bad.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:04:18
That was not enough. Yeah, so…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:04:25
So, beyond the notes, we have this, and… Yes, any other questions you want to add before I…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:04:33
Don't mention other things we need for next week instead.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:04:39
Yeah, I think we're good. Obviously, we'll figure out, I mean… Obviously, I mean, you'll be on the email too, I'm sure, unless…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:04:47
To get copywriter, but… we'll set up a meeting with Brooke, and maybe as I'm being aggressive, if they're available.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:04:57
But, obviously, you'll hear about that, or I might, or I don't know, I don't know how that's gonna work, but we'll figure it out.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:05:03
Um, when a roundcast, can you guys can context, so… Beyond that, um, and for me, so…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:05:10
It'd be nice if Kaiser was… So, we'll meet with Kaiser on Thursday, let's say that, because he's meeting with the other team on Tuesday, and that's what it sounded like, and we're all available this time.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:05:20
So we meet Mr. Kaiser on Thursdays. Are we meeting with Matakowski at all? I don't think every week.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:05:25
Okay. He's probably just gonna pop in when he wants to, that's my guess. Or when we go find him. Yeah.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:05:32
Um, so we needed 4 up by next Thursday, then. Okay. So, they have a template for that. I don't know. Risks, goals…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:05:40
Um, what we did and what we're going to do. Because I had to do it for 344, actually. Oh, good. Oh, good. Yeah. That Enterprise Systems…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:05:51
Not be, like, the Tuesday, since we don't have… No, the one after that one.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:05:55
There's a… there's a… there's a SQL. 344 is just web engineering. Oh, fuck. It's the… it's engineering enterprise. Yeah, it's… That makes sense, which doesn't make sense, but okay.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:06:08
We'll use their template for the quora. Yeah, it's marked down, it's pretty usable.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:06:13
So, should we have 4 up be the agenda for Tuesday's meeting, since we don't have Kaiser or Malkowski for that day? Yeah, I mean, it's not gonna take the whole meeting, and it's… Not a chance. I think we should focus on getting feedback from the other team, finishing the floor up.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:06:27
And to put an agenda in that bottom right corner? Could we maybe just finish, like, could we just… I don't want to do a 4-up, because I feel like that's something that we should have a little closer to the meeting, because I don't want to write it, and then stuff changes.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:06:38
Okay, that's a good… I mean, you might, by that point, have a meet Tuesday, we'll see, depending on how fast we can get the other team to reply. We didn't even have a meeting with them on Tuesday. That would be great. So we'll see what the contact is like, and whether I can apply, how that goes.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:06:52
Yeah, that's fair, I don't… yeah, that's… that's reasonable. We can delay the 4 up until we have more information from Brooke.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:06:59
Yeah, I… and it's not even that, I just think that they shouldn't be written like a weekend in advance, almost. That's fair.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:07:06
So, goals for next week is we needed… the first thing we need to do, that even… Fourth scope is get feedback from book. Can we do that, like, can we email? Well, repo access…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:07:18
Talk to the old team. I put it in the email, hey, can you connect us with the team?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:07:21
And you just sent that? I… that was the one I sent just, like, 20 minutes ago. Okay.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:07:27
I didn't specify Brook at all, but I figured he would just… Well, yeah, that would… he said Brookly squirrel under the cognitive side, and I imagine she is. And you CC'd the team on that?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:07:38
You should be. Yeah. Yeah. I think I… let me find it. I think the right J Ross, right?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:07:44
Yeah, I see it, there we go.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:07:50
If not, if he does… if he just misses that part of the email, I'll stop by his office. Later this week. So we have a good, good, uh… We've goals.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:07:59
We have risks, we have… kind of what we want to do for the next coming weeks. Is there anything else we're missing in this meeting?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:08:07
Uh… we talked about risks about stuff with the robots, we talked about… oh, I guess we didn't really talk about scope risks.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:08:15
Is there a risk that… Well, I don't know if we're gonna get…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:08:20
We have stretch goals. I don't think we're ever gonna, like… oh, but we really need to do this, you know?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:08:26
I think at most, we're gonna lose scope. I don't think we're gonna get scope period yet. I think he's right where we… I think as long as you really focus on, like, just getting Blue working, and then getting them working.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:08:37
Tandem? The only way that we could get… a scope creep is if we get, like, overly caught up in new ideas to improve.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:08:46
I think we should… I think once we get an idea.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:08:49
Obviously, we have a rough scope right now. I think, and obviously we need to do this, because it's part of the science, but… Uh, I think once we get a full idea of the scope and what the previous team did, and what MVP is, and then kind of a better picture, and we can develop an architecture of what we need to do.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:09:04
Or adult, a very loose idea of how the pieces go together.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:09:09
Not full scope. I need this update for us, like… Oh.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:09:15
The second semester, they did one 4-up. Anyway… Okay. So, they did all this, and they still passed, so…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:09:24
Good, we got… So, I think we developed the full scope, and then we can lock that scope in and say, okay, is this what we're gonna do for this?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:09:31
Two semesters, and then if we have to add something. We better all think it. Yeah, yeah. Other things, I just thought of metrics.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:09:40
Do we… do we think about those now? Is there a benefit to think about those now when we don't really have a great idea.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:09:46
Of how we're gonna interact as a team, how we're gonna use the scope, all that shit. We don't even know what parts… I mean, I guess… Maybe define some basic, but I don't think you're gonna get good, like, good defined metrics until you… Yeah, we have to, like, understand… I mean, yes, you could do, you know, basic ones, like lines of code, but…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:10:02
Those are all terrible. We're not… I mean, you can't do lines of code with hardware, though. That's the problem. We didn't look at what they did.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:10:09
That's what I mean, right? So metrics, we'll deal with that after we get.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:10:14
A little bit independent to us already, potentially? The metrics? Yeah. Oh, yeah. Okay.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:10:21
Uh, I saw them somewhere, huh? We come up with metrics, but I don't think they're gonna be good until we have it. Holy shit. Okay, so…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:10:31
Aura, and metrics. Are, like, things to start on as soon as we have.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:10:37
I think metrics, I think that's metrics, let's wait until after our meeting, and maybe we can talk about them with Kaiser and stuff as our coach to make sure he thinks they're good ideas and stuff.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:10:47
So, I don't think metrics are the right now… I mean, they will be, but I don't think they're the right now. That's a later thing. I think the right now forefront will be for 4Ops for this coming week. Can we talk about that. Okay, and that's the most newest upcoming thing.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:11:00
And the meeting with the previous team. Yes. Their metrics also might help us figure out what they… I think those are the two biggest incoming things that we need, is meeting with the team.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:11:07
And they… well, the repo, which I already said about that, but… Incoming team and… Oh, shit. And then metrics right after that. Uh… Ready?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:11:20
Once we figure, yeah. Once… that's… that's after that. And then, I mean, at some point in there, we're gonna need to, like, figure out what everyone's doing individually. Yep. Yeah.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:11:29
I'm very keen on doing some hard work. I always ask my, uh, electrical friend.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:11:37
Just look at it for me. Okay. Unfuck it. Yeah, unfuck it. I am very much a hardware guy.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:11:44
I invite the kids once, because I used all of my procrasties. Oh, you're talking… you're talking firmware shit. I'm talking fucking hardware. I'm talking pulling motors apart. I used to be… I haven't done that in a while.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:11:55
So I think we can work well. It's fun. I've written a lot in, like… I like my friend Mark co-op.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:12:03
They let me solder stuff a couple times. I have soldered iron. Oh, so, my roommate one weekend.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:12:09
And a friend of ours decided, so they were playing this game.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:12:13
And it had this weird arrow key in it, so they thought, you know what would be really funny is to make a bunny controller.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:12:19
So one day they walked home with one of the sign-ins from Walmart.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:12:22
And we turned it into a USB keyboard. Simon? The, like, the memory games? Oh, Simon Says. Or the fucking RGB demos. And there's a USB cable sticking out of the back of it. It is a R… it is a USB keyboard. Like, hit up, down, look, right?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:12:38
Yeah, that's what it was. That's a pretty similar to something stupid. One time, my roommate made it into a game show, so it would… So it would, like, light up in the order, because he did, like, a… we did a PowerPoint night, and his was a game show, so he used that as a buzzer.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:12:52
Huh. Tiffy right at 1AM, so it barely worked, but… Okay. But there's a lot of cool stuff that you can.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:13:00
Yeah, for sure. Um, except I had to solder the whole thing, because at getting all the wires out was a pain in the neck, and I burnt myself. You ever do, uh, SMD soldering?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:13:12
Hot air, reflow, all that shit. I've never done… not true small SMD, no.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:13:17
You gotta try it, it fucking sucks. It sounds terrible. It's horrifying.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:13:22
Because it's just this tiny fucking millimeter pad, or less, and you get it wrong, and you gotta get it all again.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:13:32
All right, cool. We have anything else in the meeting, or are we gonna adjourn and then figure out these… notes stuff.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:13:38
Oh, you have to go figure out the transcription? Yeah. Well, I have… I'm watching the words getting generated, but I just want to make sure, because I'm not going to lose it somewhere.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:13:48
Throw it in Discord, then… That's a good idea. I gotta have a fucking channel that's, like, trans… meeting transcripts.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:13:54
We'll throw it somewhere after that, but… Yeah, I think Hero also has… you have the… Copilot should go in. But you… that was, like, halfway through the meeting, so that'll be… I was saying, you could just throw the whole transcript and just hit Copilot. And then get it, oh, that's gonna be good. I think the majority of the summary is probably in there, though. But I don't want to end the transcript until we're completely done talking about anything.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:14:17
Project-related. When we get access to the repo, we can start putting our shit there.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:14:21
Yeah, alright. Uh, so last… our project-related thing that I want to run by you guys is our immediate to-do list.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:14:29
Does that look good? Scope 4 up metrics. I would maybe put rolls a little above…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:14:38
Scope… uh, not above scope, but above 4 up? Yeah, is this in order? Uh, yes. And it seems in order to what you guys were saying.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:14:45
Yeah, I mean, I don't… I don't disagree with this order, because… I mean, I guess that's kind of what I want to do, but… Yeah. What do you… will you… I mean, I know what you want to do, because you mentioned it. What do you two want to do?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:14:56
I don't even understand what they already got done. Let's just… I understand a little bit quick.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:15:03
Doing these things is, like, all three of these things isn't gonna matter what everyone's roles is. Yeah, I guess I think it's right. Give it a little more clarity on what we're going to be doing, and therefore what, you know, maybe we keep that aside. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. Okay.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:15:20
All right, so picture the whiteboard, put it in Discord, transcripts in Discord.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:15:26
That's not a crisis, though. Anything else? Well, obviously, we don't need to be, right?

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:15:31
And then I'll have to go back, we can grab more paper towels next week, because… Yeah. We just asked me the costly to buy for us.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:15:38
We just need a little blue bottle expo fluid! We need paper towels here, too.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:15:44
And then I'm gonna actually, later today, I'm gonna go see if that e-waste is, uh… see if we got a… fucking TV. Yeah, just something, yeah.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:15:52
Seem worse. Cool! Alright, actually, oh, wait, there is a tiny, crappy… oh, it's a VGA monitor, though. That's fine. Is there anything… Is it… is it TV-sized? No.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:16:02
Is there anything that we can work on? It's one of the receiving, uh, we've just in waiting mode until they can talk with Brooke.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:16:11
Breed… at least look through their progress notes. I think that's good, yeah.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:16:17
Are there meeting notes and the forums? I think that's probably the best thing, is… scour through that time just to know pretty much. It's gonna take me a while to be… Oh, it's gonna take me forever, but I'll do it. Oh, I'mma fucking put that shit in AI. Yeah, that's my thought process.

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:16:33
Immediately dumped it. So this one, they mentioned communication over sockets. There's nothing else happening. I only have that Tuesdays. But I have it every Tuesday, which could be good. 9 PM. That's alright. So, it's a training thing, it's supposed to be 6 to 9, but I told them, I was like, I have classes until 6.15, so really, I don't have to be there until, like, 6.30, but it's…

[J Russ (RIT Student)] 18:16:58
All the way across campus, so… Ah, it looks

